
## wolfCrypt JCE Provider

The wolfCrypt JCE Provider is currently set up to be compiled together into
the same JAR file as the normal wolfcrypt-jni classes.

The wolfCrypt JCE Provider is located in the following package:

    com.wolfssl.wolfcrypt.jce.provider

Compiling the JCE provider is done using the same instructions as
wolfcrypt-jni. Follow direction in the README.md for compiling the package,
but make sure to use one of the following "ant" build targets:

    build-jce-debug
    build-jce-release

This JCE provider has been tested on OSX (Oracle JVM), Linux (OpenJDK),
and Android platforms.

Pre-compiled and signed wolfCrypt JNI/JCE JAR's are included with the stable
releases of the JCE provider. See below for more details.

### Algorithm Support:
---------

The JCE provider currently supports the following algorithms:

    MessageDigest Class
        MD5
        SHA-1
        SHA-256
        SHA-384
        SHA-512

    SecureRandom Class
        HashDRBG

    Cipher Class
        AES/CBC/NoPadding
        AES/CBC/PKCS5Padding
        DESede/CBC/NoPadding
        RSA
        RSA/ECB/PKCS1Padding

    Mac Class
        HmacMD5
        HmacSHA1
        HmacSHA256
        HmacSHA384
        HmacSHA512

    Signature Class
        MD5withRSA
        SHA1withRSA
        SHA256withRSA
        SHA384withRSA
        SHA512withRSA
        SHA1withECDSA
        SHA256withECDSA
        SHA384withECDSA
        SHA512withECDSA

    KeyAgreement Class
        DiffieHellman
        DH
        ECDH

    KeyPairGenerator Class
        RSA
        EC
        DH

### SecureRandom.getInstanceStrong()

When registered as the highest priority security provider, wolfJCE will provide
`SecureRandom` with the underlying `HashDRBG` algorithm.

Java applications can alternatively call the `SecureRandom.getInstanceStrong()`
API to get a "known strong SecureRandom implementation". To provide this
with wolfJCE, the `java.security` file needs to be modified by setting the
`securerandom.strongAlgorithms` property to:

```
securerandom.strongAlgorithms=HashDRBG:wolfJCE
```

Note that the `securerandom.source` property in `java.security` has no affect
on the wolfJCE provider.

### Example / Test Code
---------

JUnit test code can act as a good usage reference, and is located under the
`./src/test/java/com/wolfssl/provider/jce/test/` directory for each wolfJCE
engine class.

There are some JCE examples located under the `examples/provider` directory,
including:

**ProviderTest**

This is an example that prints out all Security providers that are registered
in the system. It then programatically registers wolfJCE as the highest-level
provider and prints out the list again.

This example will be built when using the following ant targets:

```
$ ant build-jce-debug
$ ant build-jce-release
```

The example can then be run using:

```
$ ./examples/provider/ProviderTest.sh
```

### JAR Code Signing
---------

The Oracle JDK/JVM requires that JCE providers who implement several of the
classes above be signed by a code signing certificate issued by Oracle.

Full details on obtaining a JCE Code Signing Certifciate can be found here:

http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/tech/getcodesigningcertificate-361306.html

For instructions on signing the "wolfcrypt-jni.jar" file generated by the
ant build system, please see the main README.md included in this package.

### Using a Pre-Signed JAR File

wolfSSL (company) has it's own set of code signing certificates from Oracle
that allow wolfJCE to be authenticated in the Oracle JDK.  With each release
of wolfJCE, wolfSSL ships a couple pre-signed versions of the
‘wolfcrypt-jni.jar”, located at:

wolfcrypt-jni-X.X.X/lib/signed/debug/wolfcrypt-jni.jar
wolfcrypt-jni-X.X.X/lib/signed/release/wolfcrypt-jni.jar

This pre-signed JAR can be used with the JUnit tests, without having to
re-compile the Java source files.  To run the JUnit tests against this
JAR file:
 
$ cd wolfcrypt-jni-X.X.X
$ cp ./lib/signed/release/wolfcrypt-jni.jar ./lib
$ ant test


### Support
---------

Please email support@wolfssl.com with any questions or feedback.

The wolfJCE User Manual (PDF), available from the wolfSSL website contains
additional details on using the wolfCrypt JCE provider.

